Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Charo. how are you?
Wait for me in the lobby.
We will go out to eat.
As you wish. I'll wait for you here.
Although it's quite crowded. Kisses.
That's weird.
I'm going to do it right now.
So you're going to Madrid tomorrow
evening. we can't meet then.
Yes. I am here.
You've caught me at a bad time.
I'm in a mess. I'm leaving for Madrid.
Yes. the car should already be
waiting for me at the door.
This is a mess.
I leave it in your hands.
You organize it.
All right. Okay. Okay.
I'm leaving for Ezeiza.
Yeah. the car should already
be waiting for me at my door.
I'm already late.
Okay. okay.
I'll talk to you another time.
Move forward slowly.
Yes. no problem.
You call me. okay?
Call me and we'll coordinate. okay?
What's up. Novack?
THE EXTORTION
Good evening. ladies and gentlemen.
This is Captain
Alejandro Petrossián speaking.
We expect to begin our descent
in approximately ten minutes.
with clear skies
and the temperature in Buenos Aires
at 82 degrees Fahrenheit.
We ask that you please remain seated
with your seatbelts fastened
and take a moment to greet
the person next to you.
as it is now midnight on January 1st.
On behalf of Sudeste Airlines
and our entire crew.
we wish you a very happy new year.
-Happy New Year. my friend.
-Happy New Year.
Let's go.
Who are you spending the New Year with?
-I'm going to see my girl...
-Attention. Captain Petrossián.
Hey.
-Happy New Year. fatty.
-Happy New Year. Alejandro.
-This is Captain Fernando Marconi.
-How do you do? Excuse me.
How long have we been flying together?
26 years in August.
And we grew up in the same neighborhood.
It's been 40 years of friendship.
-Shut up.
-Better shut up. yes.
Andrés Sadik was promoted
two months ago.
A new player.
Welcome to the major league.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to go buy something.
You guys go on without me.
Okay.
They presented a new uniform.
Gino Callegari designed it.
Thank goodness they didn't go with it.
Wel. they haven't said no yet...
Good evening.
Hello. honey. You finally made it.
Hi. darling.
-Hi.
Pedro Greco. You know each other. right?
No. I didn't have the pleasure.
but I heard a lot about you.
You're a legend.
-Domestic flights?
-International pilot.
But here in the region.
mostly Chile and Brazil.
So. domestic. yeah. yeah.
Yes. he stayed to keep me company
until you arrived. He's a sweetheart.
How nice. Thank you very much. Pedro.
-It's nothing.
-You're such a sweetheart.
Well. I'm here.
Yes. of course. I'll leave you.
It was a pleasure.
-My pleasure as well.
-All right.
-Really.
-Thank you. Pedro.
-Excuse me.
-And thank you very much
-for keeping her company. Truly.
-Don't mention it.
-You're too kind.
-Thank you.
Goodbye. Have a nice day.
And happy new year. buddy.
-Thank you.
-Happy New Year.
-You are unbelievable.
-He stayed to keep you company?
It's January 1st and he stayed
to keep you company?
He has no family. no friends.
You have no idea
how well I know his type.
Like looking in a mirror?
All right.
Happy New Year. my love.
Happy New Year.
No. no. no. no. no.
A captain kissing a flight attendant
from the company? Please.
What do you have there?
Why not toast?
You have to fly.
Just a toast. nothing more.
Just don't say anything.
I want to toast to the two of you.
-Okay.
-For this love story
that overcame difficulties.
perhaps some bumps in the road.
What are you talking about?
-I'm just happy.
-And you say that?
Here's to the two of you
and this beautiful love story.
-Okay.
-Here's to friendship.
-To friendship.
-To the three of us.
-Sounds perfect.
-Let's toast once and for all.
-Cheers.
-I'm sorry. Cheers.
Are you expecting someone?
Who am I going to expect at 7:00 a.m.?
Go check.
Alejandro Petrossián?
Yes. it's me.
Eugenio Cristaldo.
General Management of Airport Security.
I need to ask you some questions.
Can you please show me
some identification?
What happened?
We still don't know.
That's why we're here.
Would you be so kind as to come with us?
Where to? It is a holiday.
To Ezeiza. to my office.
It is just to clear up some doubts.
Can't you clear your doubts here?
Ma'am. why don't you go
to bed and keep on sleeping?
Who are you to give my wife an order?
Have you lost your mind?
I don't have any problem going with you.
but It's a holiday today. sir.
It can't be that you show
up at my house like this.
Can't it be on Monday.
when I have to go to Ezeiza?
If it could have been on Monday.
we would have come on Monday.
Well. get going
and I'll follow you in my car.
Better get dressed and come with us.
Well. all right.
I'll get changed and go.
-Alejandro. no. Where are you going?
-I don't know what's going on.
These guys show up at my house
and ask me to go with them.
I'll call you when I get there.
so don't worry.
I don't know what happened.
Can you explain what is happening?
Is there a problem. guys? What is it?
Maybe.
Are these your psychophysical tests
from the past year and a half?
Yes. it looks like it.
There's your doctor's signature
certifying that you're fit to fly.
Yes.
-What are you doing?
-What's he doing?
What are you doing?
Did you think we wouldn't find out?
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
It's better not to lie.
but to tell the truth. We'll help you.
Better us than the airport police.
You are not police?
A white lie not to worry your wife.
Who are you?
I'm going to need your phone.
-Why?
-For security reasons.
You cannot enter
this area with your phone.
I'll give it back to you when you leave.
Come on. come on. come on.
Are you guys exaggerating a bit?
This seems like a bit much.
First time you are tested?
-Yes.
-Please say it out loud.
Yes.
Are you nervous?
Don't be nervous.
Everything will be fine.
-Can I call you by your first name?
-Yes.
Thank you.
You probably don't understand
why you're here. right?
Right.
We're members
of the National Intelligence Services.
operating
within the limits of the airport.
You'll know me as Saavedra.
you've already met Beltramino.
and Cristaldo.
The thing is. we're going to ask you
some questions
to which we already know the answers.
The idea is to establish a pattern.
so when you lie. your body alerts us.
Okay. I'm not going to lie anyway.
All right. we'll see.
-Please. answer only with yes or no.
-Okay.
Nothing else. okay? Can we get started?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Is your name Alejandro Petrossián?
-Yes.
Are you 58 years old?
Yes.
Did you start working
at Sudeste Airlines in 1995?
At the end of '94.
when it was about to...
-Please excuse me. you told me...
-There is no need to be so formal.
Okay. You told me to simply
answer yes or no. So. yes.
Is your partner's name
Carolina Guerrero?
What's that got to do with this?
Please answer the question out loud.
Is your partner's name
Carolina Guerrero?
Yes.
Did you meet her at the airline
ten years ago?
Yes. so?
Did you have sexual relations
with another woman
while you were with Carolina?
No.
I'll ask you again.
please answer truthfully.
Did you have sexual relations
with another woman
while you were with Carolina?
Yes.
Was she also a flight attendant?
Does it matter?
I'm asking you again. was the other
woman also a flight attendant?
No.
Is she a doctor?
Is it her?
Is her name Andrea Vitale?
Well. let's move on to another question.
Is Dr. Vitale authorized to be
your aviation medical examiner or not?
Yes.
A year and a half ago. Dr. Vitale
diagnosed you with hearing loss
in your right ear due to otospongiosis.
-Is that correct?
-No.
I'll make it simpler for you.
-Are you going deaf?
-No.
Did you ask
Dr. Vitale to hide your illness?
-No.
-Did you bribe her?
-Do you know that you can go to jail
for flying without being fit to do so?
You could be in for up to six years.
What is this? Do I need a lawyer?
Where do you get these questions from?
You can't force me
to say something that isn't true.
If you don't tell me the truth.
I can't help you.
But. wait. wait. wait.
I hear just as well
or better than you do.
and I don't give a damn
about whether a paper.
a study or anything else says otherwise.
A passenger flies much safer
with me than with any other pilot.
and you can be sure of that.
What kind of madness is this?
Losing a 30-year career just because.
yes. I hear a little less in one ear.
but I have never come close
to having an accident.
I hear alarms perfectly well.
Am I going to screw up
my life because of that?
Am I going to stop working
as if I were an old man?
-Alejandro...
-Don't give me that.
All my life...
I have worked hard to get where I am.
I don't work as a pilot. I am a pilot.
and I know perfectly well
what I can and can't do.
I agree with you.
Take it as a gesture of goodwill.
Good morning. Santa Clara Taxis.
No. we don't have any cars
at the moment.
Now what?
What happens now?
Are you going to report me?
We could report you.
You could defend yourself in court.
lose your license. go to jail.
not to mention the doctor who would
never work again in her life.
Or you could do something
much easier for you.
We'd rather you keep flying.
Yeah? Why?
Because we all win.
You keep your job.
and you help us by taking
something out of the country.
Something? What something?
Just a suitcase.
A suitcase with what?
Her wife called several times.
Did you answer?
This is our contact number.
Write it down. and don't call us.
We'll contact you.
Wait. What if I don't want
to take that suitcase?
You don't have to answer that now.
Think about it.
It's nothing.
They're investigating a pilot
from another airline who performed
a strange maneuver on the runway.
and they want the opinion
of someone with experience.
-That's all.
-Goddamn it.
-Why couldn't they tell us?
-I will be home in a little while.
I love you.
Raise your hand every time
you hear a sound
on the side where you hear it. okay?
Let's start with the right side.
Who did you talk to?
Who did you talk to. Andrea?
-What's wrong. Alejandro?
-Please tell me.
Stop. Can you give me a second?
-Come. come.
-What happened?
Wait. you idiot. how could you
barge into the my office like that?
I didn't talk to anyone.
What happened? Did your wife find out?
Tell me the truth.
Did they offer you money or what?
-Who are you talking about?
-They have everything. Everything.
The audiometric tests. the MRIs.
the real ones.
Wait. Who? The airline?
-The Services.
-What services?
National Intelligence Services. Andrea.
What do you have to do
with the Intelligence Services?
Nothing. but they are pressuring
me because they want me
to cooperate with them.
Please help me.
No. you have to help me.
If they have those files...
If...
If you go down. I go down too.
For this very reason.
Since you are my doctor.
you have to say that they falsified
your results.
That you were set up and that's it.
Sure. it was all a sham. a big sham.
And then. when they do a study on you.
they'll find out that you're deafer
than Beethoven. you son of a bitch?
-Can you stop thinking about yourself?
-I...
I mean. I did you a favor
and now you're leaving me on my own?
I don't...
Alejandro. this is not just your career.
it's mine too.
I know.
I will lose everything
and they will put me in jail.
They will put us in jail.
-What are you going to do?
-I don't know.
God.
What the hell are you going to do?
-Bravo!
-Bravo. little bird!
Bravo!
Thank you. Thank you for everything.
If it were up to me.
I would fly another 100 years.
but against my ID.
there's nothing to do.
The document marks
that you have to stop.
and you have to stop.
-Come on. don't keep quiet.
-Bravo!
There is life after the plane.
Cut off his tie.
That's it!
Give me a hug.
Are you okay?
-Yes.
-Yeah?
Come on. let's go. Let's celebrate.
Have a drink. I'll be right back.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
-Would you like a drink?
-No.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
The theme of water is beautiful.
eye-catching.
Although it seems kind of stupid.
What does so much water mean?
Sorry to say that.
It's a ritual.
Low flight.
crossing water arches. tie cuts.
It's just a way of saying goodbye.
Each job must have its own.
Mine doesn't.
You never retire from this.
Did you think about what I proposed?
Yes. I've been thinking about it
quite a bit.
I hope you don't take it the wrong way.
but the truth is. I don't really
understand why you need me.
Why doesn't one of you do the job?
Yes. one of our guys used to do it.
but he is not with us anymore.
and nobody wanted to replace him.
Imagine making so many trips.
It's suspicious.
and you are too exposed.
So then I am exposed?
No. you're not exposed.
In your case.
making frequent trips isn't suspicious.
It's your job.
With a plus. of course.
Carrying just one suitcase.
Nothing more.
Although. there are some details.
From now on. forget about Rome.
Miami. New York.
Your exclusive route is Madrid.
The rest doesn't have much mystery.
We'll give you a suitcase here.
and you deliver it there. and that's it.
You can live your life
until the next trip.
What do you mean by next trip?
Isn't it just one?
We have to get more
than one suitcase out.
I can't tell you how many.
Let's see. if I do it. if I cooperate.
will you leave me alone?
That is to say. no more pictures.
no more cars in front of my house.
You guys stop bothering me
and I can keep flying?
Let me tell you how it would work.
This is how it works.
They'll pick you up as usual.
Take your carry on.
Hello.
Morning.
We'll put our suitcase
in your locker in the pilot's lounge.
It'll have a cow sticker.
You'll take it and leave yours inside.
Keep the suitcase with you at all times.
Don't lose sight of it.
Don't worry about airport security.
They won't touch you.
neither here nor in Spain.
Captain.
can I see your suitcase?
Do you want me to store it for you?
Excuse me. I didn't hear you.
Yes. I noticed you were distracted.
Do you want me to store it for you?
Okay.
As soon as you arrive in Madrid.
you'll pass through customs
without any problems.
Go to the bathroom on the first floor.
and Porchietto. one of our guys.
will be waiting there
to make the switch.
Couldn't they find someone
dumber for the job?
Sorry. I didn't know how to get here.
Come on. hurry up. I don't have all day.
Yes. I'm sorry.
You go out first.
-Yes.
-Hurry.
And that's it. Until the next trip.
You go back to the hotel
and live your life. It's easy.
SANTA CLARA TAXIS
Hello?
Yes. you have
a call from Santa Clara Taxis.
I'll patch you through.
You see. it's not that bad.
Well. it's not that easy either.
All right. listen. this is important.
When we call you.
we'll say "Santa Clara Taxis."
If you say you didn't ask for any taxis.
we'll know you're in trouble.
and we'll come to find you.
Your safety is our priority. all right?
-Yes. but...
-But nothing.
I am trying to be as clear as possible
because I don't want
any surprises later.
If you have any problems.
you talk to us and only us.
Please tell me what you understood
to put my mind at ease.
Yes. I understand. It's just that...
Hello?
Alejandro. is everything all right?
Yes. everything is fine.
Something wrong?
No.
Yes. yes.
-How is it going. Alejandro?
-How are you. Camilo?
-Fine. fine.
-Yeah?
Yeah.
-How is it going?
-Fine. Fine.
Did you go out last night?
Just a little bit.
-Good morning.
Hello. Alejandro. how are you?
You haven't been coming
to the stadium anymore.
the guys are asking about you.
Well. now shut up
and keep walking. okay?
Excuse me. sir.
would you please come with us?
Something wrong?
Come with us
and they will explain everything to you.
-Okay. but don't touch me.
-Please come with us.
-Don't touch me. Don't touch me.
-This way.
I'll come with you but don't touch me.
I said don't touch me.
-Come with us.
-Don't touch me. Don't touch me.
Hello.
Do you know who I am?
No.
I'm Mario Aldana.
National Director of Airport Police.
First of all. I want to apologize
for the shitty moment you went through.
Don't worry. I also reacted badly.
Yes. you did.
But I suppose you must have
your reasons.
and those reasons are here. right?
Do you mind if I open it?
Excuse me.
-Pick up.
-No. it's fine.
-Everything's fine.
-I asked if you mind if I open it.
No. I don't mind. Open it.
-Have a seat.
-Yes.
I'm going to need the code.
Two-two-four.
Let's see.
Two. two...
It doesn't work.
It's two. two. four.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
I enter two. two. four.
but this does not open.
Try two. two. three.
You don't know your own password?
Yes. but I changed it
for security reasons.
It's not either. Funny. isn't it?
But I came prepared
for this inconvenience.
Let's try this one.
Okay.
No. that's not it.
-Let's try this one.
-All right. let's see.
Can you tell me what you have inside?
You saw it. Clothes.
Yes. but specifically. what clothes?
What color? How many?
-Well. I don't know.
-You don't know what you have inside?
No. my wife always packs my suitcase.
So. if I call her and ask her.
she won't find it strange?
No. you can call her.
But she's not home because she's flying.
she's a flight attendant.
And when did she pack your suitcase?
Early in the morning.
I see.
You wear medium sizes. Let's see.
Extra-large.
this is too big for you.
-Yeah.
-This looks like my clothes.
And this one?
And this one is small.
It's a bit small for you.
And another one. would you look at that?
-Yeah.
-Do you like tight clothes?
Yeah.
And here's a large one.
Too big for you as well.
Either you change your size
or your wife doesn't know your size.
There's also a third option.
maybe it's not your suitcase.
Tell me something.
are they pressuring you or paying you?
Please clear my doubt.
Look. this can end today.
You can get out.
no matter what they told you.
I'll protect you. but all you have
to do is tell me the truth.
SANTA CLARA TAXIS
Pick up.
-Hello?
-Hi. I'm calling to let you know
we are experiencing
a delay with your car.
No. no. no. I didn't order any taxi.
you're mistaken.
Sorry.
Look. the thing is...
-Yes?
-Mario. you are urgently needed
at Gate 5-C. There is a serious problem.
-Yes. but I...
-We need you here now.
It's a big problem.
Okay.
-Come here now.
-Okay. I'm coming.
I'll wait for you here.
Excuse me for a second.
I'll be right back.
Come. let's go.
Come on.
Didn't you say the police
wouldn't touch me?
You are outside.
What are you complaining about?
Screw that. That guy knows.
I can't keep doing this.
we have to stop.
What option do you have left?
What happens if you stop. tell me.
-Tell me.
-I don't know.
I don't want to tell you because
I don't want to feel like an asshole
because if there's one thing
I can't stand.
it's feeling like an asshole.
Now. if you want me to feel
like the biggest asshole
you've ever seen in your life.
I can do that. but you won't like it.
But wait. what if it happens again?
What if you don't have time to change
my suitcase and that guy comes?
What do I do then?
Come with me. Follow me.
I'll show you something.
This is your good ear. right?
Look. Do you see the girl
at the counter?
She's with us.
The couple sitting over there
is also with us.
Look at the newsstand.
the guy there is with us.
You already know Beltramino.
next to the staircase.
Do you see that agent?
He's with us too.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
There are more of us than of them.
and we will always protect you.
Carolina you don't have to worry.
I'm telling you.
the airport police always do this.
They bully you so you're afraid
and don't do something stupid.
but our world has always been like this.
-Like this. how?
-Like this...
I am talking
about drug trafficking. Carolina.
We pilots are always being watched.
And it's good that it's like that.
And just now I was asked
about a colleague
who had a behavior that was a little...
Stop. please stop.
Please don't do this to me.
I thought you were going to stop
and tell me the truth.
but it seems like you're not.
Until when do you plan to keep going?
-I don't know what you mean.
-Yes. you do.
I appreciate the tremendous effort
you're making to lie to me.
I imagine you're doing it
to avoid worrying me.
but it's also a way
of underestimating me.
and I cannot appreciate that.
I don't know if I need to clarify.
but I'm not that naive.
And you're into something weird.
and you've been into something weird
for a long time.
Who is that guy you were with?
The one who just did that to you
in the face?
He's the same guy who came to pick
you up at Zamora's retirement party.
and you ran after him.
Who is he? What's going on. Ale?
Caro. no. no.
No. look. if you're going to lie.
please keep it to yourself.
I can't take any more lies.
I'm done with your lies.
I need the truth.
You can do it.
it may be hard. but you can.
I'm not angry.
but I need to know what's going on.
What's going on. Ale?
Come.
Everything's fine.
nothing's happening. it's true.
But I am cooperating
with intelligence services in Ezeiza.
That guy you saw who did
that to me is one of them.
Cooperating. how?
They asked me to take a suitcase
and deliver it in Madrid.
Are you crazy?
What do you mean. a suitcase?
-In exchange for what?
-In exchange for nothing. Caro.
If the intelligence service asks you
to do it. you have to do it.
And that's why you were detained today?
No. the ones who detained me
were the airport police.
who are trying to stop the operations
of the intelligence service.
It is a beef between them.
Yes. but you're in the middle of it.
and you have to stop.
How do I stop. Caroline? How? Tell me.
This is driving me crazy.
The police tell me to cooperate
with them. they'll protect me.
and the services tell me that no one
will take care of me like they will.
and the truth is they're doing it.
I can't believe it.
Ale.
Hello. Fer.
THE BEST ARGENTINEAN MEAT
Did you see the flight plan?
Yes. yes. we have Oscar. Papa. Alpha.
We have an alternate flight
to Madrid from Barcelona.
full of passengers and cargo.
All right.
-How are you?
-Hi.
Captain. one moment. please.
-How are you?
-Fine.
What would happen
if I opened your suitcase now?
What will I find now that your friends
didn't have time to change it?
Open it. I have nothing to hide.
-Are you sure?
-I don't know what you're talking about.
Don't worry. I won't open it.
If you decide not to cooperate.
you are of no use to me.
-Well. can I get on my plane?
-Yes. go ahead. But here.
Do yourself a favor and
find out what you are carrying
and how the people who did
this before you ended up.
And then give me call.
Thank you.
Bye.
So?
Aren't you going to ask me?
About what?
Ale. don't play dumb.
When did you start?
At the beginning of the year. And you?
In August of last year.
Did you think you were the only one?
I really don't know.
Does everyone who has this route do it?
Everyone they can buy. I guess.
I need the money. you know?
What money?
What do you mean?
The money. The payment.
I asked you to know
how much they paid you.
I want to know
if they're screwing me up.
2000 dollars per trip.
Is that so?
-Is it okay?
-Yes. yes.
-And you?
-The same amount. The same. It's okay.
The divorce sucked me dry
and you know how things are now.
Having that money under my mattress
gives me peace of mind.
Besides.
it's okay.
You forget about it over time.
I can't believe this conversation.
You live it as if it were so natural.
You. who are the biggest wuss I know.
2000 dollars per trip
will cure your fear.
Did they tell you that we're carrying?
And why do they need so many people?
These guys are on top
of everything. Ale.
They're on another level.
The only thing I made clear to them
was that if it was to carry drugs.
don't count on me.
because the last thing I need is
to get caught with drugs in Spain.
They'll leave me with nothing.
They laughed their asses off
and they swore to me
that it wasn't drugs.
And you believed them?
Yes.
Where did you get that?
-Have a good rest. guys.
-See you in two hours. Thank you.
See you.
-Did you lock the door?
-Yes. yes.
You're crazy.
Alejandro. please leave that alone.
don't be stupid.
-I told you it's not drugs.
-Please shut up.
Guys. can I come in?
It's locked.
That's weird. because it was open
before. Can you push it?
No. it's not opening.
Please. they will find out. Stop that.
It won't open. damn it.
Try again.
-Okay.
-Can't you open it for me?
Yes. yes. I'm trying.
It's loosening up. I think.
No. it's not loosening up.
-So?
-We are coming out.
Sorry. my head hurts.
I need to lie down for a bit.
-This is dangerous.
-Yes.
tell the technician
to take a look at it.
Okay.
"Find out how the people who did this
before you ended up."
-That is what he told me.
-He is playing mind games on you.
because that is the only thing
he can do.
Because if he had any power.
he would have used it by now.
He did the same thing to me last year.
He came up to me. he played friend.
he said he wanted to help me.
I ignored him
and he didn't bother me anymore.
There's nothing to lose by finding out.
We're not the first to do this.
We don't know who else.
Except for Novack. we do not know.
Who's Novack?
Novack. They called him the Pole.
He flew Fly Europa.
He was not from our fleet.
-It doesn't ring a bell.
-He died last year.
He flew this route.
He was a quiet guy. but a good person.
He never said anything to me.
but I noticed things.
just like you and me.
The suitcase. the cow sticker.
the tense look when dealing
with airport police.
-Fernando. are you screwing with me?
-Why?
The only guy we know
who did this is dead.
and you think there's nothing
weird about it?
-How did he die?
-Tell me something.
if you're so scared.
why don't you stop doing it?
-It's not that easy.
-But this route is full of pilots.
Anyone would take the money.
Don't you read the newspapers?
There is no money to spare.
And what if Novack wanted to stop.
and they killed him for it?
What are you waiting for. idiot?
No.
No one lives here. let's go.
The house is abandoned.
Yes. it seems.
Come.
Good morning. ma'am.
-Good morning.
-Hello.
-Sorry to bother you.
-Don't worry.
I was ringing the doorbell
of the house across the street.
Do you know the neighbors?
No. I don't know them.
We want to buy a house for my mom.
Yes.
Are you two siblings?
-Yes.
-You don't look like it.
-We have different fathers.
Do you know the owners?
No. the owner died.
-That's a pity.
-Yes.
What happened to him? Not that anything
should have happened to him.
but you know. the way this country is.
one always expects the worst.
Sorry. if the neighborhood is unsafe.
we can't bring my mom here. right?
-Yeah. that's right.
-No. this is a peaceful neighborhood.
but the owner was killed in a robbery.
-My goodness.
-Yes. yes.
That's awful. What happened?
They used to pick him up every day
in a car to take him to work.
It is better if you contact me at night.
One day. I heard three shots.
I looked out the window
and saw a car speeding away.
and the man lying on the sidewalk.
That's why I assumed it was a robbery.
Who would fire three shots
for no reason?
Maybe the man resisted.
but this is a nice neighborhood.
How old is your mom?
Yes? What is it?
Well. I decided to come
and meet my friend.
Now?
Are you in Ezeiza?
No. he asked me to a place
in the middle of nowhere.
A safe place in theory.
But did you think it through. Alejandro?
You're going to get us all in trouble.
I won't get us into any trouble.
Fernando.
Please calm down.
I am looking for options.
Maybe he can really help us.
I don't need help. what I need is money.
and we're all going to get our pay cut
because of you.
because you got a little scared.
Novack got robbed and shot.
-That happens every day.
-Three shots. Fernando.
Three. I...
He just arrived.
If I don't call you tonight.
I'll see you tomorrow at Ezeiza.
-I didn't know I could bring someone.
-You couldn't.
Rita Tirabosco.
Lomas de Zamora Federal Prosecutor.
Nice to meet you.
Likewise.
Anyway. the situation
is more or less like this:
on one end.
you have the intelligence services.
on the other. the ministries.
and on the third. the Ezeiza airport.
The intelligence services
have reserved funds.
which they're assigned a budget for.
and they don't have to explain to anyone
how they spend that money.
The other ministries do have
to explain how they spend their money.
but in recent years.
they've come up with a clever trick
where they divert funds
to the intelligence services
as reserved funds.
and then they get the money back
in cash. keeping the change.
Do you follow me so far?
I think so.
When the money circulates
between these two ends.
there's not much I can do.
But when Ezeiza intervenes
and takes the money out of the country.
then I can intervene.
because that's currency smuggling.
Look here.
This is Atilio Segovia. aka Saavedra.
He is the head of the Ezeiza group.
which is the intelligence
service's base at the airport.
This guy manages everything.
buying officials for peanuts.
And pilots.
Theoretically.
Theoretically. of course.
You opened the suitcase.
If I had carried a suitcase. yes.
theoretically I could have opened it.
Then you know we are right.
Look. if I hypothetically decided
to declare. what do I gain from it?
Well. first of all.
you would avoid prison.
because if I wanted to.
I could accuse you as an accomplice
and leave you to sort it out
with your lawyer.
It's not in our interest to have you
testify as a suspect.
because as a suspect.
you're not obliged to tell the truth.
and you're not even obliged to testify.
It's more convenient for the case
to proceed if you testify as a witness.
You never opened the suitcase.
you don't know what was in it.
But I opened it.
Theoretically.
It's simple. Alejandro:
if you opened it. you're an accomplice.
If you didn't. you're a witness.
Which one do you prefer?
-Get out of the car. Come on.
-Okay. okay.
-Don't move.
-All right. all right. Calm down.
-Come on.
-Come on. walk.
Shut your mouth and walk.
Walk. I said walk.
Put this on and get in. Come on.
Damn it. he's not answering.
Relax. I'm sure everything's fine.
His phone must've died.
you know how Alejandro is.
He's always late. doesn't care.
He must be hanging out with a friend.
Fernando. there's no need to lie to me.
I know what you're doing.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Don't play dumb. I know everything.
I know they're forcing you
to take suitcases.
I know Alejandro went to meet
with the cop
because he wants to stop everything.
Who are they forcing?
No one's forcing me to do anything.
Then why are you doing it?
For the money. Carolina.
Alejandro gets paid too. or not?
Or maybe not. I don't know.
Did he tell you they are forcing him?
Can you contact them?
Contact who?
Okay. okay. give me a minute.
Santa Clara Taxis. good evening.
Yes. hello? I need to speak to someone
about Alejandro. my friend.
because I don't know where he is...
Hello?
-Hello?
-So?
-They hung up.
-Stay here in case Ale returns.
-Where are you going?
-I will report it to the police.
No. no. you can't get the police
involved. What will you say?
The truth.
Carolina. come here.
Come with me.
Wait. please wait.
What are you going to do to me?
What are we going to do to you?
I don't know. you tell me.
what we should do to you?
I swear I didn't say anything.
Alejandro. do you know
what annoys me the most?
We didn't report you
for being unfit to fly.
We helped you to continue
with your career. We protected you.
We got the police off your back.
yes or no?
-Yes...
-Yes.
And you ask me.
"What are you going to do to me"?
What do you think we are. criminals?
Why do you disrespect me like this?
-No. no. no.
-Yes. you are disrespecting me.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you so nervous?
What did he tell you?
-Who?
-You know who. the fat moron.
-What did he tell you?
-He wants me to cooperate with him.
to testify against you guys.
I already know that. but why did you
want to meet with him yesterday?
-No. it's not that I wanted to.
-Look.
I shouldn't have to tell you
this because you don't deserve it.
but something is about to change.
It won't be long before all of this
is over for good. and as I promised you.
you'll be able to continue
your life as if we had never met.
Now. if you insist on talking
to that imbecile.
and you tell anyone
what you've been doing.
our deal. what we talked about...
We'll have to respond.
-Is that clear?
-Yes.
The battery's dead.
Get out of here.
Caro!
I'm here. I'm here now. my love.
I'm here.
They kidnapped me.
They found out
that I went to talk to Aldana.
-They threatened me.
-Is that so?
What's wrong. Carolina?
What's wrong?
You ask me what's wrong?
How do you have the nerve
to keep lying to me like this?
Aren't you ashamed?
What are you saying? What's wrong?
What's wrong?
This.
At least now I understand
why you did it.
You idiot. where the hell were you?
How much did they pay you.
you piece of shit?
How much did they pay you to betray me?
Are you out of your mind?
You have known me for 40 years.
Fernando. 40.
I welcomed you into my home
when you got divorced.
-What did you do to me?
-But what are you saying?
That son of a bitch. Aldana.
he filled your head with...
Why did you do this to me?
Only you knew I was going to meet him.
-What are you talking about?
-You son of a bitch.
Alejandro. Ale!
Shall we grab something to eat
afterwards?
-Yes. but then we go out?
-Yes. but...
Good morning.
There he is. Ask him.
Alejandro. now that you are back.
what do you think about having
a party tonight?
A New Year's party.
Food. drinks. the whole deal.
No family. no problems.
A night out in Madrid. What do you say?
Thank you. but I'm not in the mood.
But. Ale...
What's wrong with him?
The phone you are trying
to reach is turned off.
Ladies and gentlemen. for your safety...
Hey!
What's with that guy?
What happened? Did you forget?
Do you know him?
Get in the car. I'll be right back.
What?
-I was over there.
-Yeah.
-What are you doing. Petrossián?
-Didn't they tell you?
-About what?
-I did not bring anything.
-I thought you knew.
-Knew what?
I don't know.
that's what Saavedra told me.
He told me that things
were going to change.
Don't bust my balls. asshole.
I'm not in the mood.
No. I have nothing. look.
It's my clothes.
That's why I wanted to tell you.
It's strange
that they didn't inform you.
-So just relax.
-Come with me.
-Where to?
-It's okay. come with me.
-No.
-Come with me.
Come with me.
-Ale. Alejandro. come here.
-Talk to you later.
No. no. no. let's talk now. Come here.
Don't go away. Come here.
What happened?
I'll tell you later.
Saavedra. listen. why did I have
to learn from that asshole
that things have changed?
-What asshole?
-Petrossián. my pilot.
-What?
-It wouldn't have cost anything
to make a phone call
and not make me look like an idiot.
Hold on. what changes
are you talking about?
You didn't send anything.
Are you kidding me?
No. asshole. I'm telling you.
you didn't send anything.
Don't call me an asshole.
Get your act together.
Where's the money?
I don't know.
that's why I'm telling you.
We sent the usual from here.
The guy didn't come to the bathroom.
I went out to look for him. found him.
took his suitcase.
opened it and it was full of clothes.
The money has to be there.
It's your responsibility.
Go get him at the hotel
and do what you have to do.
He always stays in the same place.
Solve it. is that clear?
Okay. okay.
So. tell me. what happened?
Nothing happened. calm down.
Nothing happened.
What do you mean. nothing happened?
Don't be stupid. Alejandro.
Who was that guy?
He's Carolina's cousin. he lives here.
He's a drug addict
who always asks me for money.
Today. I cut him off and he went crazy.
But you gave him your suitcase.
What? It only had clothes.
What are you doing? Where are you going?
I have something to do.
I'll be back in a bit.
The requested cellphone is turned off.
Hotel lobby. Good afternoon.
Can you please change my room?
Is there a problem
with the one we gave you?
Yes. the door. It looks like a toy door.
You can kick it open.
Can I have one with a double lock
or a stronger lock?
Sir. all our rooms
are practically identical.
We can...
Son of a bitch. Goddammit.
For God's sake.
Four. three. two. one. zero!
-Good bye.
-Bye.
-Thank you very much.
Saavedra?
Saavedra. it's me. Alejandro.
Hello?
Listen carefully because I don't like
to repeat myself.
You're going to keep
your mouth shut and come with me.
And you'll only speak
when I tell you to.
And you're going to tell me
what the hell you did with the money.
and if you thought
you could make a fool out of me.
Is that clear?
Yes. but please. calm down.
What part of "keep your mouth shut"
did you not understand?
You have to listen to me. please.
They want to screw me.
but they also want to screw you.
If anyone has the money. it is Saavedra.
I have nothing to do with it.
Do you understand?
Yeah?
Then why did you run away?
Come on. come here. Slowly.
-Wait...
-Come here!
Okay. Take it easy. I'm going.
but it's important that you hear this.
Okay. calm down. I'm going.
Please calm down.
I'm here.
Thank God. Saavedra.
Son of a bitch!
Help!
Aldana! Aldana! Aldana! Aldana!
There he is.
He is going to get away. Aldana.
-He is going to get away.
-Please calm down.
He is going to get away.
He almost killed me.
Calm down. Carlino. close
all entrances and exits.
Have them close...
I'm ordering this. Carlino!
What seems to be the problem. officer?
Please lower the glass.
What's the problem?
-Good evening. sir.
-Good evening. officer.
Do you need my papers?
I'm going to ask you to step out
of the car. please.
But why? Is there a problem?
Step out of the car slowly. please.
I think you're making a mistake.
Please don't make my night harder.
Okay. all right. Calm down. calm down.
You're making a mistake.
-Do you have something?
-I don't have anything. asshole.
I'm going to show you some pictures now.
let's see if you recognize
any of these men.
Do you recognize him?
How about him?
And him?
Him?
Police. Freeze!
-Stand still and put your hands up.
-Calm down. calm down.
Face the car and don't move.
Calm down. guys.
What is this?
Him.
-Beltramino.
-Yes?
Please stop.
What's wrong? You are making a mistake.
You don't know what you are doing.
SEVEN MONTHS LATER
Good morning. Everything in order?
Good morning. madam Prosecutor.
Everything is in order.
We have some procedures
to do before the trial.
The most important is to repeat
the Porchietto identification lineup.
-Why?
-At the judge's order.
the defense lawyer found faults
in the procedure
and annulled the previous one.
Faults? I don't understand.
When you ran away with your briefcase.
you hit the guy and hurt his eyelid.
-What?
-The guys who were selected
to stand with the suspect in the lineup
did not have a damaged eyelid.
So. that's not fair for the accused.
I don't believe it.
-Excuse me.
-Yes. of course.
Hello. Yes.
Don't worry. they're doing this
to delay the process.
They're desperate because they know
they won't get away with it.
I'm desperate. Mario.
I've been isolated for seven months.
I can't talk to anyone.
and nobody came to visit me.
Even inmates have it better than me.
I need to see Carolina. Mario.
Calm down.
We'll arrange a meeting for you.
-We'll organize it.
-Okay. thanks.
What are you doing dressed like that?
It's weird.
-Didn't I tell you they are desperate?
-Why?
They asked for my resignation
and made up a cause for smuggling.
You know how it is
with intelligence friends.
they can take plastic. scissors. paper.
and make up a case out of it.
Anyway. once the truth comes out.
the damage is done.
Those bastards.
I always wanted to ask you. Mario.
why Novack
wasn't a protected witness like me?
To be a protected witness.
you have to report a crime.
but Novack didn't want to.
I was trying to convince him
when he got killed.
I guess they thought
they would stop me too.
but don't worry. you're safe here.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
It's not in their best interest
to kill you.
You're about to testify in court.
and killing the person who reported them
would only make things worse.
They'll try to convince you
to change your statement.
But they won't be able to.
Come here. you son of a bitch.
No. wait.
Are you going to shut your big mouth
or do you feel like testifying?
Are you going to shut up or not?
Don't shoot.
Don't shoot. Don't shoot.
Next time I won't forget the bullets.
Let's go.
Hi.
-Excuse me.
-Come on in.
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Okay.
You have good surveillance. don't you?
I don't know why
they put a patrol car at my door
when she's all the police I need.
It's for your own safety. Caro.
you never know what these guys
are capable of.
But I haven't received any threats.
I think they understand
that it's over between you and me.
I wouldn't say it's completely over.
Caro. I asked permission
to come to see you
because there is something
I want to talk to you about.
Something I wanted to tell you.
Well...
A couple of years ago.
I was diagnosed with hearing loss.
-What?
-It's nothing.
But you know how it is.
If they find out.
they'll ground me immediately.
-But I talked to my doctor...
-Your lover.
My doctor. Caro.
And I convinced her
to let me keep flying.
Passengers are not at risk with me.
I am close to retirement
and would like to finish my career
up there and not all abruptly.
She granted it to me.
signed it and those guys found out.
And used it to pressure me.
which is why I'm in this mess now.
So you're an idiot.
Yes. you're an idiot.
We haven't been together
for more than six months.
and now I'm stuck in my sister's house
with a police car parked outside
because of your stupid decisions.
I can't go to work. Ale.
My sister keeps nagging me.
and I feel like an idiot.
And now you come here
with a smile on your face.
acting all righteous. telling me
that all of this could have been avoided
if you had stopped flying?
What do you want?
For me to thank you for being honest?
It's late. Not late. very late.
We can't all be applauding you
while we're paying for your mess.
Fernando calls me every night.
he's desperate and scared.
He can't stand on his own.
and it's logical
after what they did to him.
What did they do to him?
What do you mean.
what did they do to him?
Right. I forgot. I'm with mister
"I don't give a crap about others."
What do you mean.
what did they do to him?
My goodness.
Those bastards.
Are you coming in
or are you here to hit me again?
I'm telling you
because I have something boiling
on the stove and I don't want it
to burn.
-Was it in here?
-It was at the front door.
Three very efficient state employees
came to my home.
I can't complain.
Come. have a seat.
-What is it?
-Come. come.
Give me your phone.
No. I'm not allowed
to have a cellphone. Why?
Try to remember.
When these guys invited you
to cooperate.
did they keep your phone?
-Her wife called several times.
-Did you answer it?
That's how they knew
everything you were doing.
They were listening to us
all the time. you idiot.
They can hack one of these new
phones in two minutes.
Look at the one I have now. Look at it.
I want to see them try to hack this.
those assholes.
My God. how embarrassing.
Forgive me. Fernando. I'm an asshole.
You're an asshole. but I forgive you.
Listen. come with me. I have security.
I don't need it.
What do you mean you don't need it?
They almost killed you. Fernando.
They're not going to beat me up again.
I already took care of it.
I'm not going to testify.
No. you can't refuse now.
I'm tired of living in fear.
Besides. I'm not a witness.
I'm a suspect.
-They can't force me to testify.
-Listen to me.
The prosecutor allowed me to come
because she wants me to tell you
specifically that if you cooperate.
she'll protect you.
She doesn't want to go after you.
She wants to go after the big guys.
Tell the prosecutor
that the big guys explained to me
very well how things work.
How about you?
Are you going to testify? Are you sure?
If you don't say anything.
the trial will fall apart.
Have you thought about what comes next?
You sit down. testify. tell the truth.
they'll put these guys in jail
and what happens next?
Do you think they will leave you alone?
They never caught Saavedra.
that son of a bitch.
We don't even know
if they're looking for him.
No. Fernando. you are crazy.
I can't deny everything now.
The prosecutor was very clear.
She told me. "You are either
a witness or an accomplice."
If I don't cooperate.
they'll throw me in jail.
I'm not playing. I'm going to testify.
Listen to me. calm down.
Don't be nervous. It's routine.
You'll identify the guy and that's it.
You've told me 20 times
not to get nervous and.
to be honest with you.
that makes me even more nervous.
Hello. ma'am.
Hello. Alejandro. Please take a seat.
-I'll see how much time we have.
-Thanks. Let's go.
-Hello. Caro. can you talk?
-Yes. Fer. What is it?
It's Alejandro.
He's about to screw up his life.
-We have to stop him.
-What did he do now?
Fortunately. nothing yet.
But he's determined to testify
against some very dangerous guys.
He doesn't understand
they're going to fuck him up.
He came to my house. I tried to talk him
out of it. but his mind is made up.
And I feel that if things keep
going like this.
the trial won't even happen.
they'll kill him before.
and they'll kill me too.
They'll kill us all.
You have to help me convince him.
But he is a protected witness.
He has 200 cops watching him.
He has only two guards. Caro.
They are not going to stop
until they kill him.
You have to help me
convince him not to testify.
But I can't call him.
They don't let him have a cellphone.
Listen to me. I'm going to meet him
at the lawyer's office in a bit.
He's with her now. in court.
then they'll come here.
Why don't you come too?
We can talk about it together.
I'm worried about him
deciding this alone.
What time?
In about an hour. Can you make it?
Alright. I'm heading there.
Thanks.
There are two delayed hearings.
so it's going to take a while.
STOP TAKING AWAY OUR LABOR RIGHTS
POLICE
Fer!
Fer. over here.
Look at you. what a mess.
Don't worry. I'm fine.
This is a mess. What's going on?
-I didn't know this was going on.
-Am I late?
Move around the corner.
Careful. Mario. Around the corner.
Pick them up in the corner.
Come here. Calm down. Come here.
What is it? What is it?
Fer?
What are you doing?
What's wrong?
Fernando?
Forgive me.
For what?
-Carolina?
-Yes?
Please. come in.
Hi. yes?
What?
Okay. go. No. go with them.
It doesn't matter. go with them.
and let me know when you arrive. okay?
Did something happen?
So? Did they tell you anything?
She's still in a coma.
she lost a lot of blood.
Leave. leave. They're going
to kill you here. I'll stay.
Could you at least see her?
No.
They keep me updated.
She is still in a coma. the poor thing.
But at least she's stable.
I'll leave your tea here.
You know what? I've been thinking.
Carolina's guard
said that she asked to go
to my lawyer's office.
I didn't summon her
and neither did my lawyer.
What was she doing there. Fer?
It's strange. I don't know.
That's why I'm here.
Why? What's wrong?
I need your cellphone.
My cellphone? Why?
I am cut off. I need to make a call.
Who are you going to call?
I'm going to finish with all of this.
Fer.
It's over.
Be careful. Alejandro.
SANTA CLARA TAXIS
Is it you?
I was waiting for you to call.
You son of a bitch.
I know it was you.
you're a piece of shit.
Alejandro. I'm not going to act offended
because I understand
the situation you're in.
but I swear it wasn't me.
It was somewhere from the house.
Someone from the house? Really?
It was you. you son of a bitch.
It wasn't me.
These people are getting nervous
and I'm telling you
because I'm scared too.
Do you think everything that happened
was good for my career?
If I don't fix this.
it will complicate everything.
Really?
Well.
I also want to fix this.
I'm listening.
One million.
One million pesos?
One million dollars.
What? You're going to tell me
you can't get it?
Obviously. there's some availability.
but I'm not a bank either.
Nevertheless. if you need that
to feel calm.
don't worry. I'll get it for you.
A million dollars for you
to deny everything in court
and move on with your life
as if nothing happened.
Well. everything happened.
but it won't continue to happen.
Where should we meet?
I'm not stupid. Saavedra.
I know you want to get rid of me.
I need guarantees.
You still don't trust me.
and I understand that.
But if you want that money.
I have to deliver it to you personally.
That's fine. but it's going
to be a public place.
Okay.
But I'll choose the location.
When should we meet?
I will call you.
Give me a hint... Hello?
Okay. calm down. take your time.
If necessary. I can get them
to come a little closer.
There is no rush.
No. he's not there.
There is no need to rush the answer.
Pay attention to details.
Try to connect with your memory.
Yes. I did that. but he's not there.
Alejandro. please.
Ma'am. he said he's not there.
Please don't insist.
The witness is suffering
a very traumatic situation.
We'll go outside for a minute
to get some fresh air
and reorganize our ideas. that's all.
Alejandro.
Alejandro. what are you doing?
Well. it's been a while.
Rita. his face is fading from my memory.
The guy is in there. and you know it.
You have not forgotten his face.
I'm not an idiot.
What are you doing?
You're scared. it's okay.
I understand. I'd be the same way
in your position
after everything they did to you.
That's what they do.
but this is the only way
we have to stop them.
I don't see them being stopped.
Your fear will have consequences.
If you don't identify this guy.
they'll let him go.
I can't help you anymore. Rita.
What do you mean? You won't testify?
No.
Your cooperation
with the prosecutor's office
is the only thing protecting you
at this moment.
I'm not threatening you.
but if you don't testify.
I'll charge you.
take away custody.
and you'll be more vulnerable than ever.
Do what you have to do.
-Alejandro.
-Yes?
Here are your things.
-Thanks.
-Good luck. man.
Bye.
Ale. my friend. it's always
a pleasure to hear from you.
Hello. Do you have the money?
Fortunately for you. yes.
Tomorrow at midnight.
under the Monumental Tower in Retiro.
In Retiro with a million dollars?
That's brave.
Don't you prefer a safer place?
No. there it is fine.
At 12 o'clock there. then.
-Hello.
-Hello. Mario. Alejandro speaking.
-How are you. Alejandro?
-Fine.
-Listen. I don't have time.
-Tell me.
I am at the Sheraton Hotel in Retiro.
room 1404.
I need a favor.
I don't know what you're thinking.
but you have to stop.
It's too late for that. Mario.
Did you bring it?
Yes. but before anything else.
why do you want it?
I trust you. you trust me.
Give it to me.
Wait. I'll ask you once more.
are you sure
about what you're going to do?
No. I'm not. but I have no choice
and I need your help.
-Where are you?
-Ale. my friend. can you hear me?
Sorry. I seem to be messing with you.
How are you?
-It's time.
-Yes. I'm almost there.
Can you see me?
What is this?
It's intelligence. baby.
Intelligence involves
anticipating events.
like when you play chess.
You move thinking
of what the other person is going to do.
taking into account
what they did before. of course.
And I want to congratulate you
because tonight
you did some intelligence.
Or at least you tried.
Sometimes it works out.
sometimes it doesn't.
Where are you. you son of a bitch?
Now that you're not going
to fly anymore.
you can switch to my line of work.
There's always a need for people.
Don't hide. show yourself.
Where are you?
Do me a little favor.
signal to your friend to come closer.
He knows what he has to do.
There you have what we arranged.
one million dollars.
Dude. you don't know how I envy you.
Fernando. what are you doing here?
Forgive me. Alejandro. I have to do it.
What do you have to do?
What are you doing?
Forgive me.
What did you do. Fernando?
Ask him if he is asking for forgiveness
for tonight or the other day.
It's clear that he didn't like
your wife.
Giving a poor woman away like that.
They have me threatened.
they want to kill me.
Shut up.
Please believe me.
Do you believe him or not?
Where are you. you son of a bitch?
Yes. I'm a son of a bitch.
but I'm not vengeful.
Anyone else in my place
would have shot you twice. but not me.
Despite being in this business.
I still believe in the word of honor.
That's it. Alejandro.
take the money
and go back to where you're hiding.
Count it well. I don't want you
to be short of anything.
and start planning
the rest of your life.
I'm asking you. please believe me.
-Get out of here!
-Please believe me.
Get out of here!
Get out of here! Get out of here!
You're doing the right thing.
you can't be friends
with a guy like that.
If there's one thing I can't stand.
it's disloyalty.
Where are you?
I'm already in the hotel.
Okay. I'll wait for you here.
No.
No? No what?
Give me the money.
I will give it to you. but I don't want
to expose myself any further.
I don't trust you.
We made a deal. son of a bitch.
Relax. Open the nightstand drawer.
there's a room card
with the number 453.
I'm leaving the money there for you.
Police! Freeze! Get down on the ground.
All right. all right. Calm down.
Drop the gun.
I don't have anything else.
Please stop.
That's it. Son of a bitch.
You're under arrest.
I'll kill you. you son of a bitch.
I want both of you
in my office tomorrow.
I've got the prosecutor on my back.
Is there something I should know?
About what?
I was told we had Saavedra.
and it turns out that I. like an idiot.
ordered an operation and they killed
the guy right in front of us.
Did you know Porchietto
was in the hotel?
Come.
And how were we supposed to know?
Come on. give me a break.
Don't be such a killjoy. sister.
They are bringing him out.
Saavedra. you son of a bitch!
No!
-Fernando!
-No!
Fernando!
Let me go!
Let me go! Let me go!
Son of a bitch! Let me go!
Let me go. you bastard!
-Hands on the truck.
-Son of a bitch!
Saavedra. you son of a bitch!
-Turn around.
-Let me go!
Son of a bitch!
Saavedra. you're a son of a bitch!
ONE YEAR LATER
Hi. Caro.
How are you?
I wanted to know how you were doing.
It's been a while since we talked.
I haven't heard from you.
If someday you feel like having
a drink or seeing each other...
I'm very sorry for what I did.
for what happened.
I screwed up a lot. Caro.
and I never apologized.
I don't know if there's any way
to make up for the pain I caused you.
but I would like to try.
Anyway. I'm sending you a big kiss.
I love you so much. Bye.
I'm a little worried about you.
Relax. don't worry. everything's fine.
It's normal that he wants to meet you.
but this guy. he's a good guy.
a worthy successor.
I trained him myself.
What are you doing without a tie?
What's the problem?
The director of the airport police...
I think it's appropriate. don't you?
-Here you go.
-No.
But...
-Put this on.
-Do you think it is necessary?
Go on.
-Where are we going. Mario?
-Trust me.
There he is.
Bravo. Ale!
-Bravo!
Bravo!
I know that for you and your people.
the retirement farewell
is an important moment.
Well. you didn't have the chance.
You couldn't have the low flight either.
but you'll be able to cross
the water bridge
because there's a plane waiting for you.
-Bravo!
Are you ready?
MATE
-Hello?
-Hello. from Santa Clara Taxis.
I'll patch you through.
IN MEMORY OF JULIETA VALLINA
AND EDUARDO BARREIRO